chore: update abitype dependency and export custom errors (#435)
wagmi-dev/viem: .changeset/poor-mice-obey.md

---
"viem": patch
---

> Updates abitype dependency to 0.8.2
> Exports custom errors from abitype to viem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated `abitype` to `0.8.2` and exported abitype errors.
```
